in front a no Cessna the more you pull
out the more the we okay yeah okay
yeah turn down simply get the wheel on
the wall
oh look at that
all right damn now you don't be polite
yeah
well then pretty much tones come back to
us a bit
it was a flip off the wall yeah masses
got nothing on it
yeah nothing what space is here it's
here it's all down here space those
there spacer
touch I am
for the Whelan Thank You Fosbury bit
more probably okay yeah I wrote that
space
all right okay Wendy ready amazing now
to smash the window
there yeah when you're ready
video break it break it break what an
open all helpers doing sexual well who
have to hold it there oh you've got the
bike there for our now you hold it for a
break oh yeah yeah yeah it's not that's
not going to hold it's slightly based on
a sovereign it will come off behind the
back Thunder bring pomegranate